oh hey soccer fans this is Matt from
soccerpro.com today I'm here with a
brand new line of warrior soccer plates
called the screamer and there's
something sharp and something new from a
brand new soccer company now first up
we've got their kangaroo leather classic
style soccer boot now this is called the
warrior skreamer k-lite firm ground and
as we go around the outside there you
can see it's a sharp-looking classically
styled boot particularly love the
warrior logo on the side there it's a
little raised up nice bright red against
the black looks really good now you'll
notice that the upper on these shoes is
kangaroo leather now this is the best
leather you can get on a pair of soccer
shoes in terms of fit and ball touch
it's really just something smart and
something special they've done I don't
see a lot of kangaroo leather boots out
there anymore and I'm really glad to see
that on these shoes now I try these on
ran around in them a little bit and
they're very very comfortable on the
main reason being the really nice
beautiful insole that we're putting
these shoes and the thorax frame that
runs around them it works sort of like
an Adidas sprint frame in the sense it
gives the boot shape helps it hold its
shape it also helps it fit to your foot
along those nice sturdy lace holes right
there on the top I didn't have any heel
slippage it's a truly comfortable shoe
so no complaints there as we move on
down to the bottom you can see a really
unique cleat pattern that features sort
of a claw design that I really enjoyed
of the four back pleats on the heel keep
it stable and the patterning of the
shoes cleats on the forefoot allows you
to kind of cut or run quickly in any
direction which is something that's
really lacking in some other shoes on
the market with rounded cleats these
days other than that these really are a
great pair of shoes the insole itself
just incredibly comfortable and if
you're looking at the bottom there
you'll notice that its carbon fiber and
it's also got the same p backs Rennie
material that Nike are using right now
on their GS line of soccer shoes so it's
really something special and something
pretty advanced now the next part of
this line from warrior is the warrior
skreamer s light FG now this is their
synthetic shoe the synthetic is pretty
similar to what you
on an f 50 a day 0 it's nice supple soft
and I really like those patterns scales
on the forefoot they're designed to give
you a little bit better touch a little
bit better contact and direction on the
ball and they look sharp against that
lighter blue also the orange laces and
the logos look great features the same
sort of comfort thorax frame and style
that you'll get in the kangaroo leather
version so you're not going to worry
about that and the synthetic should
loosen up after one or two practices
again you've got the same plate pattern
on the bottom the same carbon fiber and
pebax or any material and generally just
a pretty comfortable synthetic version
of their kangaroo leather shoe other
than that they're great pair of boots I
definitely recommend you checking out
this new offering from a new company and
please don't forget to subscribe to our
YouTube channel and check us out on
soccer pro com